So now the last thing we need to do is now that we have our action creator, as well as,
our reducer here listening for that specific action type inside of our components folder,
in our tweet.js here,
instead of just saying Handle Like Tweet we actually want to go and handle that tweet.
So, we should already be connected here,
so we are, so we're already past dispatch.
So we will say, let's go ahead and grab dispatch
from this.props and then we also want to grab two more pieces of information,
the tweet itself, as well as,
whoever the authedUser is.
Then now when we dispatch,
what we want to invoke is our handleToggleTweet function we created earlier.
So, we will go ahead and import that first, so, our handleToggleTweet.
It's going to come from
action/tweets and then now what we want to dispatch is the invocation of
handleToggleTweet and if you'll remember what we need to pass
it is an object here that has an ID property the authedUser,
as well as, if they have liked it or not.
So, we can pass along the ID which is going to come from tweet.id,
we can pass along if they have liked it,
which will come from tweet.hasLiked
and then we can pass along the authedUser because that's what we're
passing in to our tweet component as a prop because that's what we have right here.
So, now if all of this is working correctly,
what we should be able to do,
so let's refresh our app and open up our console.
Whenever we click on this like button,
the TOGGLE_TWEET action is dispatched and you'll notice that
the UI changed because we're alternating which
heart we should show the filled out heart or the empty heart
based on if the specific tweet has been liked or not.